Pointers to using pip3 and Python3 if pip installation fails (#709)
jupyter/jupyter.github.io: install.md

```bash
voila
```

### Installation tips

> You may get error messages that suggest the `pip` command does not work. This could be because you do not have `pip` installed. Or, you have Python3 (instead of Python2) and need to use `pip3` for installation. For example, try installing with `pip3 install jupyter-lab` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may get error messages that suggest the `pip` command does not work. This could be because you do not have `pip` installed. Or, you have Python3 (instead of Python2) and need to use `pip3` for installation. For example, try installing with `pip3 install jupyterlab` instead.
```

- This is somewhat covered in [docs here](https://docs.jupyter.org/en/latest/install/notebook-classic.html#alternative-for-experienced-python-users-installing-jupyter-with-pip). I would be in favour of updating the docs to be more generic and adding a link to the docs article here rather than repeating it.
- I am not sure if mentioning Python2 is worth it.
- The best way might be `python -m pip install jupyterlab`/`python3 -m pip install jupyterlab`.
